Add CZ section and CNOT and CZ tasks to Multi-Qubit Gates kata (#1389)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/multi_qubit_gates/index.md

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR. 
@tcNickolas, I understand that this tutorial follows the `Multi Qubit Gate` tutorial in the katas. I feel its a bit non cohesive and we can reorder the tasks a bit to make it more natural to follow along. How about this?

- CNOT, CZ, SWAP gates.
 - ket bra decomposition
 - Compound Gate
 - Controlled Gates and Multi-Controlled Gates
 - Gates on non adjacent qubits (Possibly add one line saying that in todays quantum computers, we don't have full qubit connectivity) to highlight practical relevance. Otherwise, it feels redundant to use a bunch of SWAP and CNOT gates, to implement CNOT on non-adjacent qubits, when QDK allows us to simulate it. xD

Reviewer 2: Is there a particular reason why this flow feels more natural to you? The MultiQubitGates tutorial in the katas followed the flow that feels natural to me, and still does :-) 

* Compound gates are applying single-qubit gates to quantum systems, that's a more intuitive first step, since the learner is already familiar with the single-qubit gates and only needs to learn to apply them to multi-qubit systems. For example, Bell state prep task already relies on this, since it starts with applying an H gate.
* Gates acting on non-adjacent qubits are discussed here not in the context of physical implementation of gates (pretty much none of the gates we discuss in the tutorials are implemented as is), but in the context of teaching the learner to do the math for this scenario, how to do it with matrices and with Dirac notation. Q# allows us to simulate this, true, but first the learner needs to be able to figure out what gates to write, and they need math for this.

Let's take this discussion out of this PR, since it's much harder for me to keep track of this conversation in parallel with the discussion of the proposed changes.

Reviewer: Works for me @tcNickolas .

The $CNOT$ gate is self-adjoint: applying it for the second time reverses its effect.

@[exercise]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__two_qubit_gate_1",

>     "title": "Two Qubit Gate 1",

Reviewer 2: Originally the task names looked like this because there was no theory in the BasicGates kata, so part of the challenge was figuring out which gate was supposed to be used. Now there is no mystery (the only gate we learned so far is CNOT), so we can use more descriptive names.
How about we call this task "Entangle Qubits"? (And rename the folder too)

    "path": "./two_qubit_gate_1/",
    "qsDependencies": [
        "../KatasLibrary.qs"
    ]
})
@[section]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__cz_gate",
    "title": "CZ Gate"
})

> ## CZ Gate (Controlled-Z Gate)

Reviewer 2: Nice lesson! The lesson title is in the section name, so we don't need the second header here
```suggestion
```

> The $CZ$ ("controlled-Z") gate is a two-qubit gate, with one qubit referred to as the **control** qubit, and the other as the **target** qubit. Typically, the first qubit is the control, and the second qubit is the target.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The $CZ$ ("controlled-Z") gate is a two-qubit gate, with one qubit referred to as the **control** qubit, and the other as the **target** qubit. Interestingly, for the $CZ$ gate it doesn't matter which qubit is control and which is target - the effect of the gate is the same either way!
```

The $CZ$ gate acts as a conditional gate: if the control qubit is in state $|1\rangle$, it applies the $Z$ gate to the target qubit, otherwise it does nothing.

> > If the system is in a superposition of several basis states, the effects of the gate will be a linear combination of the effects of it acting separately on each of the basis states.
> > This is a common feature for all quantum gates you'll encounter that are specified in terms of basis states: since all unitary gates are linear, it is sufficient to define their effect on the basis states, and use linearity to figure out their effect on any state.
> 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to repeat this note, since we mention for CNOT that this is a common feature
```suggestion
```

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Gate</th>
        <th>Matrix</th>
        <th>Applying to $|\psi\rangle = \alpha|00\rangle + \beta|01\rangle + \gamma|10\rangle + \delta|11\rangle$</th>
        <th>Applying to basis states</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>$CZ$</td>
        <td>
            $$\begin{bmatrix}
                1 & 0 & 0 & 0 \\
                0 & 1 & 0 & 0 \\
                0 & 0 & 1 & 0 \\
                0 & 0 & 0 & -1
            \end{bmatrix}$$
        </td>
        <td>$CZ|\psi\rangle = \alpha|00\rangle + \beta|01\rangle + \gamma|10\rangle - \delta|11\rangle$</td>
        <td>
            $$CZ|00\rangle = |00\rangle$$
            $$CZ|01\rangle = |01\rangle$$
            $$CZ|10\rangle = |10\rangle$$
            $$CZ|11\rangle = -|11\rangle$$
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

The $CZ$ gate is particularly useful for creating and manipulating entangled states where the phase of the quantum state is crucial. Consider the following separable state:

$$\big(\alpha|0\rangle + \beta|1\rangle\big) \otimes \big(\gamma|0\rangle + \delta|1\rangle\big) = \alpha\gamma|00\rangle + \alpha\delta|01\rangle + \beta\gamma|10\rangle + \beta\delta|11\rangle$$

> If we apply the $CZ$ gate to it, with the first qubit as the control and the second as the target, we get the following state, which can no longer be easily separated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we apply the $CZ$ gate to it, with the first qubit as the control and the second as the target (or vice versa), we get the following state, which can no longer be separated:
```

$$\alpha\gamma|00\rangle + \alpha\delta|01\rangle + \beta\gamma|10\rangle - \beta\delta|11\rangle$$

The $CZ$ gate is also self-adjoint: applying it a second time reverses its effect, similar to the $CNOT$ gate.

@[exercise]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__two_qubit_gate_2",

>     "title": "Two Qubit Gate 2",

Reviewer 2: Let's call this task "Relative Phase -1" and make the folder relative_phase_minusone

    "path": "./two_qubit_gate_2/",
    "qsDependencies": [
        "../KatasLibrary.qs"
    ]
})
@[exercise]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__two_qubit_gate_3",

>     "title": "Two Qubit Gate 3",

Reviewer 2: I spent some time staring at this task vs the existing qubit_swap task, and they look too similar to each other... I only checked that no tasks were identical when I was looking at the migration, but I didn't realize how similar they are while being slightly different :-( And this kata is shaping up to be pretty big, since we have one more batch of tasks to add to it...

Let's drop this task - apologies for the hassle!

    "path": "./two_qubit_gate_3/",
    "qsDependencies": [
        "../KatasLibrary.qs"
    ]
})
@[exercise]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__preparing_bell_state",

>     "title": "Preparing a Bell State",

Reviewer 2: Let's move the Bell State task up to the CNOT gate lesson, after "Entangle Qubits" and before CZ lesson

        "../KatasLibrary.qs"
    ]
})
@[exercise]({
    "id": "multi_qubit_gates__two_qubit_gate_1",

>     "title": "Two Qubit Gate Controll Not",

Reviewer 2: GitHub didn't show me this comment when I was looking at the files, sorry - I left a comment in my review

        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

> @[exercise]({

Reviewer 2: After some time glaring at the new and the old tasks, I think we can just keep the old one and not add the new one. It shouldn't need the math of acting on non-adjacent qubits, since they're just swaps - at least I hope so. If we hear back from a confused learner, we'll revisit
